# coding_challenge_Illumio
Illumio Coding Assignment 2018, PCE teams
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to attempt the coding challenge. I implemented a rudimentary solution for the problem given to me. Essentially , I made two functions with the functionalities as described in the question, with the primary goal of finally testing whether traffic will be allowed or not given that the conditions are met. Due to the time constraint, I made a big if condition encompassing all the conditional checks we were required to do for every parameter inside the accept_packet function. This is not necessarily the most optimal way to approach the solution and had I been given more time than the allotted 60 minutes, I would definitely improvise my checking methods since in a real world scenario , there would be innumerable checks and conditions that need to be accounted and taken care of. Additionally, I wasn't entirely sure of what constitutes as a well formed IPv4 address and hence I hard-coded the values from the sample examples given to us in the problem description. Owing to the time constraint, I was just able to test my solution with a limited number of sample executions provided in the document and would want to have a more comprehensive method of testing in the future.
If given an opportunity, I'd be extremely interested in working with the Policy team with the Platform team ranking a close second in my list of preferences. I would sincerely like to thank the reviewer for taking out their time to review my code and I look forward to hearing back soon.
